Improve README, to add usefull information for users. (#19)
toradex/torizon-samples: tflite/tflite-rtsp/README.md

  --device-cgroup-rule='c 81:* rmw' \
  -e CAPTURE_DEVICE=/dev/video0 \
  -e USE_HW_ACCELERATED_INFERENCE=1 \
  -e USE_GPU_INFERENCE=0 \
  -e ACCEPT_FSL_EULA=1 \
  --name tflite-rtsp <image-tag>
```

Note: Toradex provides pre-built images for this sample, just replace **image-tag** in the run command with torizonextras/arm64v8-sample-tflite-rtsp:${CT_TAG_DEBIAN}.

## Run the RTSP client

> On your development machine, make sure to have GStreamer installed. If you need to install, refer to [Installing GStreamer](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/documentation/installing/index.html?gi-language=c).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your development machine, make sure to have GStreamer installed. If you need to install it, refer to [Installing GStreamer](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/documentation/installing/index.html?gi-language=c).
```

> Then, you are able to run one of the command below on your PC, according to the desired environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you will be able to run one of the commands below on your PC to view the sample's output, according to the desired environment:
```

  --name tflite-rtsp <image-tag>
```

Note: Toradex provides pre-built images for this sample, just replace **image-tag** in the run command with torizonextras/arm64v8-sample-tflite-rtsp:${CT_TAG_DEBIAN}.

## Run the RTSP client

On your development machine, make sure to have GStreamer installed. If you need to install, refer to [Installing GStreamer](https://gstreamer.freedesktop.org/documentation/installing/index.html?gi-language=c).

> Then, you are able to run one of the command below on your PC, according to the desired environmental:

Reviewer 2: Just a small correction: "according to the desired environment:"

Reviewer 3: Thanks, this was fixed!
